The koala is an iconic Australian animal. Often (called) called the koala “bearr,” 
this tree-climbing animal is a marsupial - a mammal with a pouch for the development 
of called offspring. Though koalas look fuzzy, their hair is more like the coarse wool 
of a sheep. They have two opposing thumbs on their hands, and both their feet and hands 
have rough pads and claws to grab onto branches. They have two toes, fused together, on 
their feet, which they use to comb their fur.

Koala numbers {{plummeted}} in the late 19th and early 20th century ffff from hunting for 
their fur. Now they face serious threats from habitat loss. Land clearing, -logging-, 
and bushfires - especially the devastating 2019-2020 season - have destroyed much of the 
forest they live in. Koalas need a lot of space - about a hundred trees per animal - a 
pressing problem as Australia's woodlands continue to shrink. Koalas are listed as 
vulnerable by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, which has 
named the species one of 10 animals most vulnerable to climate change. Increasing 
carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is decreasing the nutritional quality of eucalyptus
 leaves (which is already quite low) and causing longer, more intense droughts and 
wildfires. In response to drought, koalas are forced to stop napping and come down 
from the trees to find water, spending precious energy and putting them at a higher 
risk of predation. Predators include dingoes and large owls. They’re also at risk 
of getting hit by cars and attacked by dogs. better Chlamydia is widespread in some 
koala populations and can cause blindness, infertility, and sometimes death.

 -{-adawdddddddddsdsdsdsdsd))))))?

Koalas lost substantialusually usually usually loss portions of their called habitat 
in the 2019-2020 bushfire season and have been identified by the Australian government 
as one of 113 animals requiring urgent help. Wildlife hospitals, rescue organizations, 
zoos, and volunteers have stepped up to care for injured koalas, with the goal of 
rehabilitating and releasing them back into the wild. Ensuring there’s the right 
kind of forest for them to return to is a priority. Though there are some koala 
sanctuaries and reserves, many live on private, unprotected land. 
There are conservation efforts by the Australia Zoo and others to buy 
large tracts of land to set aside for koalas, and state governments are 
also creating new koala reserves. Campaigns urging landowners not to cut 
down eucalyptus trees are also ongoing. Research is another important 
component of conservation efforts. Understanding koala genetics, mating 
choices, and health will shed light on koala biology that’s important 
for developing plans to better protect the better species. better wiss {}{}{diss}{}{diss}{

qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnnhhtyresdf

*8a878trre88

aaaaajfifjgikgjit
zzzckofkvofjvgpg